feat: default env and container docs (#79)
flox/floxdocs: docs/tutorials/default-environment.md

```bash
# Create and enter a new temporary directory
$ cd $(mktemp -d)
```

Now we'll install a package and see that it gets installed to the `default`
environment,
like you would expect from your system's package manager:

```bash
$ flox install hello
✅ 'hello' installed to environment 'default'
```

It worked (though you shouldn't be surprised, Flox is awesome)!

## Customization

Depending on when you created your default environment
(the default was changed recently),
you may also see `flox [default]` as part of your prompt for every new shell.
You can configure that with a single command:

=== "Do show the Flox prompt"

    ```bash
    $ flox config --set-bool hide_default_prompt false
    ```

=== "Don't show the Flox prompt"

    ```bash
    $ flox config --set-bool hide_default_prompt true
    ```

---

## Sharing

Since the `default` environment is "just" another Flox environment,
it's possible to push this environment and share it between machines.

From the machine with your `default` environment set up the way you like it,
run the [`flox push`][push] command:

```bash
$ cd ~
$ flox push
```

You may need to authenticate with FloxHub first,

> but once that completes you're now able to share this environment with another

Reviewer: **nitpick:** When used as a verb, "complete" needs to be transitive. How about this?
```suggestion
but when that's done, you're now able to share this environment with another
```
